---
title: 'Ni bienvenida sin castigo'
part: '03'
---

# Ni bienvenida sin castigo
## Parte 3

<!-- start whedon ipsum -->
Now I'm just a big, fluffy puppy with bad teeth. The living legend needs eggs! Looking in windows, knocking on doors. No, a bad day is when someone's yellin' spooks the cattle.
Someone else's loss is my chocolatey goodness. Since when do they have orgies, and why aren't I on the mailing list? I would appreciate it if one person on this boat would not assume I'm an evil, lecherous hump. Don't be ridiculous. Martha Stewart isn't a demon. She's a witch. Yeah, well, I'm not the one who wanted Wind Beneath My Wings for the first dance. I hate to bring up our imminent arrest during your crazy time, but we gotta move. Men, with your sales. Can you just be kissing me now? Spike follows the exciting smell of blood and we follow the fairly ripe smell of Spike. Say! look at you! You look just like me! We're very pretty.
You shut the hell up right now or so help me, I'll shut you up. We don't have wings, we just skate around with perfect hair fighting crime. I was actually at Woodstock. That was a weird gig. I fed off a flower person, and then I spent the next six hours watching my hand move.
You're the one freaky thing in my freaky world that still makes sense to me. Well, a gathering is brie, mellow song stylings; shindig, dip, less mellow song stylings, perhaps a large amount of malt beverage; and hootenanny, well, it's chock full of hoot, just a little bit of nanny. Magic's all balderdash and chicanery. Actually, I was fired from a fry-cook opportunity. I figure, if I'm responsible for the end of the world, I get to name it.
A vampire in love with a Slayer. It's rather poetic, in a maudlin sort of way. Xander, that's not the North Star, it's an airplane. Well, you were busy trying to get yourself lit on fire. Imagine Bonnie and Clyde if they had 150 years to get it right. The only time you were ever at peace in your whole life was when you were dead. They've got those hoppy legs and twitchy little noses.
It's getting eerie, what's this cheery singing all about? How about 'cause you're a tiny impotent Nazi with a bug up his butt the size of an emu? We've got a bunch of fighters with nothing to hit, a wicca who won't-a, and the brains of our operation wears oven mitts. You remember, you fail math, you flunk out of school, you end up being the guy at the pizza place that sweeps the floor and says, 'Hey, kids, where's the cool parties this weekend?' Apocalypse, we've all been there; the same old trips, why should we care? In every generation there is a chosen one. Y'all see the man hanging out of the spaceship with the really big gun? Some terrifying space monkeys maybe got loose? What, you think this isn't real just because of all the vampires, and demons, and ex-vengeance demons, and the sister that used to be a big ball of universe-destroying energy? Did you know that the only animal in the animals crackers that has clothes is the monkey?
Love keeps her in the air when she ought to fall down. Hey, no, we'll just set course for Planet of the Lonely, Rich, and Appropriately Hygienic Man. Basically, this is what some of your more famous serial killers' brains look like. I think calling him that is an insult to the psychotic lowlife community. Anyone in this much pain prays, or at least curses. Frankly, it's ludicrous to have these interlocking bodies and not...interlock. Should I start this program over? You sanguine about the kind of reception we're apt to receive on an Alliance ship, Cap'n? They are come to the killing floor.
Did the primary buffer panel just fall off my Gorram ship for no apparent reason? Can't call to mom, can't say a word. I gave birth to a pterodactyl. Apocalypse, we've all been there; the same old trips, why should we care?
Say! look at you! You look just like me! We're very pretty. These endless days are finally ending in a blaze. Wash, we've got some local color happening. You sanguine about the kind of reception we're apt to receive on an Alliance ship, Cap'n? Remember when you could just throw a girl in a volcano? Last month he's the freak with jicama breath who waxes his back.
I'll never leave. Not even if you kill me. What do they need such good eyesight for anyway? That girl will rain destruction down on you and your ship.
Barmaid, bring me stronger ale, and some plump, succulent babies to eat. Can I start getting sexed already? We live in a space ship, dear. Big damn heroes, sir. If I was blind, I would see you. It's like somebody slaughtered an Abercrombie and Fitch catalog. Frankly, it's ludicrous to have these interlocking bodies and not...interlock. Basically, this is what some of your more famous serial killers' brains look like. Welcome to the nancy tribe. I'm the one who brings about the thought-pocalypse.
The only thing Willow was ever good for, the only thing I ever had going for me were those moments, just moments, where Tara would look at me and I was wonderful. My egg is Jewish. It's just a long cultural tradition of raging insincerity. Start with the part where Jayne gets knocked out by a ninety-pound girl, 'cause I don't think that's ever getting old. Well, excuse me, Mr. I-spent-the-sixties-in-an-electric-Kool-Aid-funky-Satan-groove! How about 'cause you're a tiny impotent Nazi with a bug up his butt the size of an emu? In my world, we have people in chains, and we can ride them like ponies. And that'd be where you find stored such things as empathy, compassion, an aversion to disemboweling puppies. Passion rules us all. I like to think of myself more as a 'guest-age'.
You could, uh, could have, like, a world without shrimp, or with, you know, nothing but shrimp. Anyway, he seemed to be having a kind of man-reaction. So I skipped intro to evil or whatever, but how is it that I get an F, when this guy that we're reading, Chauncey, can't even spell?
I think calling him that is an insult to the psychotic lowlife community. It's about women. Say Skywalker, and I smack ya. No need, little lady, your tears of gratitude are enough for me.
She's a truck-driving magic mama! Time for some thrilling heroics. Magic's all balderdash and chicanery. If the apocalypse comes...beep me! Well, look at me. I'm all fuzzy. Oh my god! Did it sing? Imagine Bonnie and Clyde if they had 150 years to get it right. Apocalypse, we've all been there; the same old trips, why should we care?